hi guys today I'd like to show you a
very interesting technique to create
this very intricate hairstyle which
looks like a braid but isn't really one
it's somewhat similar to the poles
through braid apart from the fact that
we're not pulling anything through I
recently came up with this technique and
I don't know what to call it so here I'm
going to need your help I would love to
see your name suggestions for this
hairstyle in the comments below this
video and I thank you very much in
advance for all your feedback as you can
tell my own hair isn't long enough for
this hairstyle so I'm going to start
from attaching my glam team clip in hair
extensions as usual I'm using dark and
platinum blonde wet to create an effect
of highlights in my hair and before we
move on to the following step you want
to very thoroughly brush out your hair
this way it will be easier to section it
later on you want to bring your hair to
one side where you want to create your
braid and at this point actually like so
section a strand of hair from the top of
my head some shortest layers and secure
them at the back of my head quite often
I like to release them at the end and
perhaps curl them to give this hairstyle
a more romantic and relaxed look but you
could simply tie all your hair into a
ponytail and now to make your hair look
super chic you can also grab a thin
strand of hair from your ponytail and
use it to cover your elastic bands
I secured it using a bobby pin which
inserts vertically in the middle of my
ponytail this way it will be secured by
the elastic vest and now you want to
grab a thin strands of hair from your
ponytail and use it to create a regular
three strand braid you tie the ends of
this braid with a small elastic band and
then create another exactly same braid
these braids are going to be decorations
for our hairstyle and here you can
actually experiment with the type of the
braids you could use rope braids for
strand braids you know anything you
please then we're going to divide our
ponytail into two equal parts the bottom
one without braids and the top one with
braids after that we want to grab the
top section and also split it into equal
parts each of them should contain one
braid we're going to bring the two top
strands under the bottom one merge them
into a single strand then secure it with
a small elastic band
I'm going to pull the hair at the sides
of the segment I just tied up leaving
the brace in the center now you could
actually grab your top section divide it
into two parts
bring them under the bottom section and
tie them together with a small elastic
band this way your finished look would
look slightly different but today I'm
going to do something else I'm going to
split a thin strands of hair from the
top section and create my third small
braid and then I pick another strand and
create my forest braid and now I'm going
to pick the top section of my hair
divided in two add in each braid to each
section then I simply bring these two
sections under the bottom one merge them
into a single strand and secure it with
a small elastic
and again I'm going to pull some hair
from the sides of the segment adjust
eyes up to volumize it and when I do
this I make sure that my braids stay in
the center now I need to arrange my hair
so that the braids are canto divide the
section into equal parts making sure
that each of them contains one grade and
then I simply bring these two parts
under my bottom strand and secure them
together
I tied on the sides to volumize them
and again I rearranged my hair so that
the braids are on top I split the top
strands into equal parts
I bring the strands under the bottom
section and tie them together
now you need to arrange your ends and
this hairstyle is complete so how would
you call it I was thinking of calling it
a Linux braid or bondage braid you know
based on the fact how its created but I
would love to see your ideas if you're
going to try out this hairstyle or its
version perhaps simplified with no
braids or modified with different types
of braids I would love to see your
results on Instagram if you enjoyed this
tutorial leave me a comment and give
this video a thumbs up I thank you very
much for watching and I see in my next
video